# UNS-CV RIO GRANDE // 11.18.5020u
The squad finally met each other en-route to the recently-rediscovered planetoid known as **CRESSIDIUM**. Throughout various cycles in and out of "cryo" sleep and doing there respective jobs onboard the ship while not piloting a mech, the squad has started to build a bit of a reputation on the ship as well as started to build camaraderie within itself.

# UNS-CV RIO GRANDE // 11.20.5023u
The ship approached cressidium and began its orbit. With approval from Shogi squads leader **1st LT. Jordan Hyers** the squad has had their rights to whisky revoked by their 2nd in command **2nd LT. Zelda Bombich** "to prevent in-fighting within the squad", 2nd LT. Bombich was commended for looking out for his squad mates. Note: The ship XO and Captain also signed off on this order.

 UNS-CV RIO GRANDE // 11.245023u
 The squad awoke, thinking today would just be like the rest when suddenly alarms began to sound and the loud speakers screamed **all hands battle stations**. The squad was alerted to a **codition 1 azure** in order to locate and **rescue their ships captain and the ambassador who had gone missing on the surface**. Rushed to board their mechs and launch from the ship they took off shortly after ready for whatever may come and ruuning on pure addrenaline and some excitment for their first potential sortie. While on approach to FOB Saber thier **drop ship was shot down causing them to crash land in a battle between the LSA and the Sovereignty**. Stranded in the middle of Nov Elysia with no comms they were immediatly attacked by Sovereignty forces and now must fight their way to the original drop location on FOB Saber. They managaged to survive the initial attack and now have started pushing torward their objective. 
