# Cressidium - Nov Elysia - FOB Saber // 5023u
During the Squads downtime while waiting for their mechs to be repaired they spent some time roaming **Saber**. **Derringer** was pulled into the med tent to assist with active triage on an injured soldier. After helping stabilize the soldier and leaving the tent he ran into his squad mates, It turns out they are a **sniper squad** and offer up their help if needed on the next sortie. **Hermes** managed to wander over to a retrofitted office building that was being used to house refugees from the attack on the city and decided to help a young lady named **Zoe** with handing out supplies and leaves a lasting impression on her, upon returning to the hanger she found her **mech graffiti tagged** with a pink bunny. **Silence** upon hearing a detonation off in the distance and going to investigate it finds an **unexploded artillery shell** a few feet off a newly formed crater, after being told the explosion was just a recon team detonating unexploded ordnance she sneaks away with the shell and rigs it onto her mech for emergency use only. **Joker** is recruited by a group of intel guys to try and restore communications and while that venture is unsuccessful he is paid with a **recon drone** to use on his next mission. **frogger** chooses to stay back at the mech hanger and ends up up helping the Chief engineer work on his mech, she does some fine tuning of its mobility systems and installs some leg-enhancements for his help. **Wild turkey** While traversing the FOB in search of intel or data about the Sovereignty forces stumbles upon another mech squad lead by Naia Reynaud, who seems to have taken a beating and will be down and out for awhile, they end up giving him a upgraded pilot helm that has a **looking glass overlay** installed to help him in low visibility situations on his next mission. 

# Cressidium - Nov Elysia // 5023u
The squad is notified that the **LSA reinforcements** are beginning to arrive and that they are planning to make a big push into the city to take it back, however while that sounds fun they are tasked out with an even important mission, one that would sway the favor of battle into LSA hands. They are to locate and take out the last few **transmitters** that are sustaining the jamming field that is currently blanketing the city. This not only would restore LSA communications but would also potentially allow Union to **ping the Captain and ambassadors locations** so it is top priority.  As the sun rises above the city the squad departs its mech hanger as the last bit of rain touches the ground and begins pushing toward their objective. After working through the war torn city they find the transmitters heavily guarded and initiate an assault on them. They manage to take over the area and hack the transmitters effectively ending the sovereignty jamming. However an **enemy Ace** manages to escape and **Hermes** has now lost her mech after sustaining substantial damage with no time to return to the FOB.
With Comms restored they light up with disorganized chatter from across the battlefield but within a few moments proper channels are established. With the area secured the squad begins setting up camp and conducting repairs on their mechs. Shortly after settling in **1st LT. Kim** pings their comm channel, relaying info that they have **picked up a ping from the Captain and the Ambassador**  Within a  few clicks from their location at a naval yard, Shortly after issuing the order to rescue them the squad sees a drop ship approaching their location and immediately boarding it upon touchdown.

# Cressidium - Nov Elysia - Elysian Naval Yard // 5023u
Unlike the squads first time in a drop ship this flight was rather uneventful, taking out that AA must have really opened up the skies and made them safer, on approach to the shipyard the squad can see a **massive sub docked in one of the bays**. Checking the location of the Captains long range rescue beacon they can see that that sub must be where they are being held. The drop Ship drops them at the entrance to the bay and almost immediately the squad comes under fire. The battle is intense but the squad manages to prevail with no casualties and just 1 lost mech, securing the sub and **rescuing the Captain and ambassador** once and for all, letting them take the first drop ship back to base. The squad relaxes a bit, knowing that their first sortie is finally over and a success nonetheless,and begin conducting repairs on the down mech and patching up their own while awaiting their ride. Now it's time to head back to the ship for some well needed R&R.

